<!-- editorstamp::24.7.84.157::20081222140330 -->
Ecco3: The Stream of Time
Levels

Introduction
Ecco has saved Earth and all life on it once again, he has traveled to the dark depths of an evil vortex future to save the Asterites's globes and with help from the newly rebuilt Asterite and from his fellow singers he has defeated the Vortex Queen and destroyed the new hive she was attempting to build on Earth. Now all he must do is destroy the Time Machine in Atlantis, to prevent the stream of time being split into two alternate futures again and all will be safe, life on Earth will go on and dolphins will swim happily again.
Ecco arrives at Atlantis; the task he must accomplish is simple enough, yet he cannot shake off on overwhelming sense of dread. As Ecco nears the Time Machine the sense of foreboding continues to haunt him. Trying to shake the feeling Ecco enters the room containing the time machine and begins to build up the blast of sonar necessary to destroy it. Ecco feels the charge begin to build but something is wrong! Ecco feels something take control of him, he tries to resist but it is too powerful and his sonar blast is sent out as rather than a beam of destruction, as the activation signal for the time machine. As Ecco struggles in vain to escape he feels with horror the now familiar sensations of a time vortex begining to engulf him.
The next thing Ecco realizes is that instead of being in Atlantis he is now in a pool. Looking around he realises it looks very much like any pool from his own time, yet he knows that this can't be, the time machine must have thrown him back millions of years into the past which means there is no way he could be in a pool from his own time. Ecco swims to the surface to try to work out where he is and is left amazed as he spots an immense structure floating in the sky above the pool. It has massive tubes of water connecting together what looks like buildings, it suddenly strikes Ecco - it's a floating city! Just as Ecco is about to decide things can't get any weirder a strange shape floats over Ecco, he looks up and is amazed to see a Pteranodon! A pool from the present in the past? A floating city? Ecco is puzzled yet intrigued, he sets off to solve this new mystery. While unknown to Ecco all that he has fought and suffered for is under threat once again...
 
1. (Bay of Mystery) - Ecco arrives in a bay in the past but the bay looks like something from the present and somethings don't look quite right.
 
2. (unnamed) - Ecco explores and finds some dolphins in another bay, they tell ecco that time is short and that there is something them must show him quickly.
 
3. (unnamed) - The other dolphins show ecco to an area where he can see that is on a floating island and he finds a glyph explaining a few things and tells him he must go to the city.
 
4. (unnamed) - Ecco morphs into a bird to get up into new atlantis.
 
5. (New Atlantis) - ecco arrives in atlantis and begins to explore.
 
6. (unnamed) - Ecco penetrates into the heart of the city and finds the library of the Atlantians, he finds out how the island get there ("The Atlantians after Atlantis was destroyed knew that they could not hope to survive in the present, yet they were afraid that if they moved their entire civilisation into the past that they would alter history in unforseem and dangerous ways. So the atlantians devised a plan, they constructed an amplifier for the time machine around a realitivly undamaged island of Atlantis and used it magnify the time machines power 100 times and shift the entire island back in time, once they arrived in the past they used an emenslly powerful generator to power an anti-gravity beam which they used to lift the island high into the Atmosphere, they then in the final phase of their plan activated a cloaking device to hide the island from view, this would make it impossible for the island to intefer with the timeline. They intended to remain there and wait, one day they would return to a time when a dolphin of the future destroyed the vortex and they could then safely return to the present.") but he finds he must get to the control area to learn more of current events.
 
7. (unnamed) - Ecco finds the control room and he finds out what is going on, the Vortex Queen knowing that she couldn't win in the past and rule Earth decided to take revenge, she started to kill all the ancient dolphins in this time - if she destroyed them all there would be no dolphins in the future and therefore no ecco!, the atlantians found this out and decided that they needed to stop the queen, she was more powerful than they imagined, she destoryed the Atlantians, the last remaining Atlantians used the very last of their technology to summon ecco here to help them before them too died. The Atlantians knew that they would not survive to meet ecco so they made glyphs to guide him. He must follow instructions from the glyphs and travel to the surface, he must use a special mini anti-grav harness made for him by the Atlantians for him to descend to the surface.
 
8. (unnamed) - Ecco leaves Atlantis and travels back down to the pools on the floating island, he destroys a wall of one pool and falls out of the island, using an antigrav harness like parashoot he falls.
 
9. (unnamed) - Ecco falls from the island, rocks fall after him which must be dodged and birds get in the way.
 
10. (unnamed) - Ecco lands in the sea below the island and begins traveling looking for the vortex.
 
11. (unnamed) - Ecco finds a pod of earlly dolphins under attack from the vortex drones, he saves them.
 
12. (unnamed) - The earlly dolphins take ecco to where the vortex hive is
 
13. (unnamed) - Ecco enters the hive
 
14. (unnamed) - ecco penetrates deeper into the machine
 
15. (unnamed) - ecco gets to the queens chambers and after a long battle the queen flees.
 
16. (unnamed) - ecco destroys the hive, the surviving vortex are scattered leaving them as no threat, over millions of years them will intergrate with life on earth.
 
17. (unnamed) - ecco leaves the hive and returns to the earlly dolphins
 
18. (unnamed) - the earlly dolphins tell of a creature made of spheres in a deep pool of water, the vortex queen was seen eacaping in that direction...
 
19. (unnamed) - ecco travels after the queen
 
20. (unnamed) - open ocean style stage...
 
21. (unnamed) - ecco arives when the Asterite was and finds that the Asterite has fled with the queen following...
 
22. (unnamed) - another open ocean level, ecco arrives at polar ice cap.
 
23. (unnamed) - ecco travels through the ice
 
24. (unnamed) - more ice travelling, ecco now has to slide over the top of ice sometimes...
 
25. (unnamed) - ecco is close to the Asterite, he must battle through a few vortex that have traveled with the queen.
 
26. (unnamed) - ecco reaches the Asterite just as the vortex queen begins to attack the Asterite, ecco joins the battle and succeds in destroying the queen but only after the Asterite has been mortally wounded. The Asterite is impressed my ecco's courage and gives his five remaining undamaged globes to the earlly dolphins as a gift (the five spheres from the dof that the foe try to steal from dolphins if you didn't realise...) with the globes dolphins change... This alters the timeline...
 
27. (unnamed) - Trellia comes out of a timewarp and takes ecco to the distant future, now the time line has changed so this future is the future with a guardian instead of an Asterite but It still looks very similar to the future from tides of time...
 
28. (unnamed) - ecco travels via the water tubes to find the guardian.
 
29. (unnamed) - ecco arrives at Atlantis and must find a way in...
 
30. (unnamed) - ecco meets the Guardian who explains what has happened with the time line, "with the five globes from the Asterite dolphins were made stronger - they formed an alliance with humans and held off the vortex's storms, for the vortex to survive they were forced to look for other sources of food to consume and eventually had to build spaceships, over time the vortex adapted themselves to spave travel and became the foe." and the Guardian then sents ecco back to the present which is now the dof present due to the changes in the time line... 